Guide to official announcement articles (#530)
fluent/fluentd-docs-gitbook: quickstart/life-of-a-fluentd-event.md

## Learn More

> Fluentd is maintained continuously and releases it periodically, follow [official blog announcement](https://www.fluentd.org/blog/tag/announcement) with `announcement` tag.

Reviewer: Thanks! Good idea!

How about this?

* `releases it` -> `released`
  * Structure: `Fluentd is <maintained ...> and <released ...>`
* Expand the link range
  * The original link range made me feel as if I had to set the tag myself.

```suggestion
Fluentd is maintained continuously and released periodically. Follow [official blog announcement with `announcement` tag](https://www.fluentd.org/blog/tag/announcement).
```

Author: Thanks!
